Membership Application Form/Social Contract


Welcome to the hackerspace!

So you made it to our hackerspace and you would like to share our humble facilities? In order to do so, this form will take you through some general rules and facts that you need to respect while participating in the life at the space.


Why become a member?

Members of the syn2cat a.s.b.l. share several advantages, such as

unrestricted access to the space, including possession of a key, 

the right to use tools and machinery in an unlimited way, 

possibility to shape the space as you imagine it, 

work on/initiate proper and common projects and learn from other hackers, 

etc... 

But as you certainly know, with great power comes great responsibility. Our space is a vast and complex entity that needs to stay well organized and clean. By signing this form, you agree to

hold the space in mint condition, 

refrain from any actions or activities that might harm the state or reputation of the space, 

be held responsible for actions taken or harm done by your guests, and 

adhere to the guidelines laid out in our internal regulations (cf. Appendix A) 



How to become a member?

Everybody can join the hackerspace but she or he needs to agree to the above simple rules and everything that these logically entail. Your membership application form will need to be counter- signed by a full syn2cat member. By handing in this form, you will enter a three-month evaluation period. The specified member will be our contact person should we not be able to reach you personally, so choose wisely!


You can (and are highly encouraged to) come to the space when at least one full member is present, to regularly follow meetings, workshops, projects or post to our mailing lists. You are welcome to participate in all these events and should rest assured that your point of view will be taken seriously! The evaluation period is intended to show you how the hackerspace works.

RCS F7979

What happens after 3 months?

After your period of introduction has finished, you will be granted the status of “full member” and you will be able to benefit from all the privileges that come with the membership.



Privacy policy

When you sign up as a syn2cat member, we ask you for personal information, such as your last and first name, nickname, date of birth, nationality and physical and email address. This information is collected for the sole purposes of internal record keeping and adhering to the legal requirements as specified by the Luxembourgian law on non-profit organisations (loi modifiée du 21 avril 1928 sur les associations et les fondations sans but lucratif).

Syn2cat does not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties except to provide products or services you've requested and to adhere to the above-mentioned law.

You may request details of personal information which we hold about you by sending a request to the email address office@hackerspace.lu.

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.

Handing in the form

Please read and fill out the form you'll find below and have it signed by a full member, then hand it in or send it back via snail mail to

syn2cat a.s.b.l.

11, rue du cimetière Pavillon “Am Hueflach” L-8018 Strassen
