Membership Application Form


Surname (Family name)

First name


Acronym/

Nickname

Nationality


Date of Birth


Address




E-Mail



I hereby declare that I want to become a member of syn2cat a.s.b.l. and that I shall follow the hackerspace's rules of conduct. I shall give my best to be a reasonable, friendly and responsible hacker and shall bring positive impulses to the hackerspace with my presence, ideas and contributions. I agree that during the first 3 months, I shall access the space only in the presence of a full member. I shall at all times respect the facilities and leave the premises as they were before I entered them.

As a member of the syn 2cat community I realize and respect that people come from different backgrounds, have different abilities and habits and approach problems and their solutions differently. As a result, I pledge that if there is ever disagreement I will try to resolve it in a manner that is respectful of these differences and I will strive to think carefully about the way in which I approach issues that affect other people.

Your preferred contact to syn2cat is through your mentor during the trial period

The trial period end is decided by a vote in the office, else it automatically extends by 3 months The membership is only effective if the due member fees are paid.

syn2cat a.s.b.l. BIC/SWIFT: BCEELULL
IBAN: LU93 0019 3255 6612 9000

Your mentor:

Place, date, mentor name and signature



New member:

Place, date, your name and signature

RCS F7979
Appendix A: Guidelines

•     Be excellent to each other


These are the policies to which we adhere:

General order (noise, general use, keys)

Law in state counts. Normally, no noise is allowed between 22h00 and 07h00 In between these hours, please respect your neighbors, you might need them sometime! ;-) 

Keys are available on request in exchange for a 10 EUR deposit. 

Nobody below the age of 18 is allowed unattended access without the written consent of a tutor or parent. 

Smoking 

The hackerspace is a non-smoking area. However, you can smoke outside. Please try to avoid the wind blowing the smoke to the entrance door or open windows and dispose of cigarette butts properly outside. 

Housekeeping 

Everybody using the hackerspace is responsible for the equipment staying in good shape. Using the kitchen infrastructure, the restrooms or any other facilities entails cleaning after use. 

All material must be returned to its proper location after use. 

Projects should be stored in your locker in between working sessions. (3 single tables can be reserved for prolonged projects which are difficult to store away by placing a yellow “Table reserved” sheet with your name and phone number attached on the table in question.) 

Food and disposal of old food 

Everybody taking food and/or drinks to hackerspace is supposed to check regularly for their expiry dates and dispose of them in the outside trashbins, in case they're no longer consumable. 
You should check to dispose waste in an appropriate waste-bin and separate trash as indicated by the many signs. 

More rules? 

There is only one more rule: Don't make any more rules necessary! 
